Oh
discounting the town because of the
injury
training camp
dami you gently 33 years old coming off
an ACL fits before 33 often Achilles
they just
hey
Oh
ah
I'm trying to figure out where that is
is that the new stadium that you said no
you know that we used to have drive for
it of course course I got over there
behind this
he read the question is who gets hot
frosted too
mixtures
it's the bond to a Notre Dame is a real
logical diner also so I think the warden
is more open bouche then I thought it
would be we both thought they'd trade up
well I really daunting trade up they
have six picks in the top one on earth
receiver but they lost three defensive
backs this offseason Carl Rogers to
rough ground
on so is Bradley Roby a guy that come in
there and help them or marquise Lee who
played in in the pac-12 there are some
weird stuff on to it makes sense to I
think I think they're having a decision
to make because they're in desperate
need of filling up that secondary for
sinister corner
right now
Oh
you
rare
Oh
there's the Commissioner with the 30th
pick the 2014 NFL draft the San
Francisco 49ers select Jimmie Ward
defensive back
my favorite place but I didn't see you
going to the sack
now this guy he's only five
and play man coverage so he's a true
free safety the concern is his free he's
got a slight free
much faster
last year era create the safety from
that secondary because they
Oh
this is a kid
look at the head and again he's only 190
pounds he flies around noon he feels he
could play strong safety but I worry
about his frame I worry about hold up
over 16 games but i love the skill set I
love the ball skills I love the
toughness
and this is again to the natural Senate
fewer but not afraid to drop down to the
box and make up why don't toughen them
up in San Francisco put some later
looking this play right here when you
have man is there cisco you want to play
one style of football in San Francisco
they teach you that neither the rite of
passage and it's right this is a good
spot for your commander of the baby and
harder to take a break the full
participant suit so come
hostility in the middle good job and
after
and then